From Hollywood, California, Veldown Comics, Harmontown, now in session!
Let's bring out Spencer Crittenden in, everybody!
And special kicking a giant shit backstage, the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon!
Hello, Los Angeles! It's gonna be back!
Thank you.
I'm in a very bad mood, it's gonna be a terrible show.
I just feel like a bad person. I've been doing a lot of stress eating, and it's because,
but also, what's making it even worse is that I went, I gave my doctor blood and said,
check my cholesterol, and then as soon as I gave the blood, I ran back to the office
and I was eating Doritos and Twinkies and stuff, because they had the blood already.
Right. I know it's how insane that is, but I'm just like, okay, those numbers are safe.
And then I'm just eating pizzas and rubbing Philly cheese takes on my face.
And it's also because we're writing Rick and Morty again, and I'm not doing a good job,
I'm not able to write, and I can't break the stories, they're very difficult,
and I know that Justin's gotta be upset with me at this point,
but it's so fucking hard, I don't get it, I don't know what you're doing,
you break the stories and it seems like they make sense, and then you have to re-break them 50 times.
Is it different this season than in previous seasons?
No, it's never different. It's never, ever, ever, ever been different.
I spent 20 years trying to codify, that's all me going, that circle thing,
it's me trying as hard as I can to please for the love of Christ,
to make this easier, make this by the numbers, let me phone something in,
I can't fucking do it, nothing ever makes sense, and I'm very upset.
Obviously you'd be happier if it were easier, but isn't that part of the mythology of the joy
of what you do, is kind of the torture of it all?
Well, I hope to God that, I used to think it was possible that I was making it difficult on purpose,
so I could justify a lot of narcissism, but I've crossed into a world,
I've been to therapy, and I'm perfect now, and I want quality of life,
and I just want to be happy, and I know I'm old and racist and sexist,
and I just want to die, that's how a healthy person feels at my age,
an unhealthy person would be like, I'm 25 and I'm not racist,
no, I'm old and racist and I want to die, I'm not really racist,
it's just better to just say that, it's healthier, you know who says they're not racist?
Donald Trump, he says that, you know who said he was? Jesus Christ.
And he wasn't, he was like, it's a nice thing to say, it's the polite thing to say,
I'm racist, just in case you are, it's nice, it's called tact,
it's like a nice thing to say, you walk into a party and say, I'm racist,
where do I hang my coat? But don't connect those dots,
just don't look at a person of color and say, where do I hang my coat?
Don't connect dots, just say you're racist and get through your fucking day,
and don't be racist, thank you, I'm sexist too, so shut up.
Do you think you're more racist than sexist, or is it even Steven?
Well, I mean, God knows I hate black women, most of all.
So it's kind of a Venn diagram?
Yeah, we can draw different conclusions from that, you know, I don't know, I don't know.
What do you think black women have been getting away with?
Let's do a special axe grinding edition of Harmontown.
Can you imagine, I don't know what I'm talking about.
But as we've talked about this before, how crazy it is that this country,
its legacy as far as race and gender relations, kind of can be summed up,
at least in terms of the weird lunacy, in that we freed the slaves
and then we're like, you can vote now, and then a million years later,
we're like, you two ladies, it's weird.
Can you imagine being like a black woman and gaining suffrage, but not quite?
You'd be like, yay, fuck, god damn it.
Like, what is with these people?
And then we'd be like, what do you mean these people?
The hunter has become the hunted.
Just say you're racist, it's the next party, because the jig is up, right?
You guys, I mean, you've got a Nazi running for president, like this guy,
like, you know, come on, we can't keep correcting each other's language
and being polite and stuff anymore, we've got to start throwing bricks at shit.
We didn't accomplish anything with those last ten years of like,
mind your peas and queues.
And then all of a sudden there's a fucking pizza hut guy running for,
winning, winning, becoming president.
Alright, speaking of racism, I play this game Fallout Shelter on the iOS,
you guys play this as a part of the thing.
Okay, so it's like a little buildy game where you have little people
and you put them in little spots and they have attributes,
and you're supposed to, you're encouraged to like breed them,
because you're told you're supposed to make more dwellers in your Fallout Shelter
and like their attributes are hereditary.
So if you breed somebody that has like high scores, like those, excuse me,
those scores like pass down to their children.
So if you're playing the game right, then you're picking like somebody
and you're putting them up in this special room,
and also like there's different outfits that like add to your, different attributes,
and the attribute that drives whether you make quickly or not is charisma.
So, and then there's these special characters.
So there's this guy, long story short.
How did the special characters work?
There's like these characters that are like, they're like unlockable,
like you get them on cards, it's like those freemium games,
like you get a car, you pick and pay and you get a card,
and then sometimes the card's like, boom, you got like this special guy.
And the special guy I got is a young man.
His pigmentation is darker than what you might call the caucasoid Fallout dwellers.
His name is Eulogy Jones.
His stats are through the roof across the board.
So I couldn't even like, which is like, like, like, think about that.
I mean, like, all right, so, so, like, like, like, so I had no try,
I like, I put him in like these sexy, like, like, super charisma pajamas,
and he's just, he's just up in a special room,
and then all the people in the vault, I have to like, I click on each lady and I go,
let's take a look at your, your strengths and your perception.
Okay, you're pretty good. Put on this nightie, you're going up to Eulogy.
And he just, boom, bang, boom, and all the women walk up.
And everyone in the shelter, shelter's last name is Jones.
You get to dress the characters, you get to pick what everybody wears as they walk around your shelter.
You change their little outfits and then the different outfits have different bonuses
to different attributes and charisma.
So, so, so there's these like, sleepwear adds to charisma.
So, you literally are taking like a woman who's like working hard on like a,
like a water purification room, and you, and she's wearing like combat armor
because it gives her more strength and makes her water purifying better.
Actually, it's perception-friendly water purification.
All right, knock it off.
Like, a lot of people don't know what the fuck I'm talking about.
I don't have time to get fucking accurate for the three people that do.
But, but you're taking a, you're taking a woman in the prime of her working career,
like clicking on her combat armor, changing it into a slinky nightie
and shooting her up to this fucking dude.
Eulogy Jones.
Yeah, to Eulogy Jones who just jumps on her and fucking like takes her in the back
and there's like little green smile faces and then she comes out limping and pregnant.
And then you send her back to work.
It sounds like you're like the leader of a really like awesome cult.
Yeah, anyways.
All right, so I was just-
Is there an option to make one of these women the high status breeder character?
You could put a woman up there and send men up to her.
Sure, yes.
But Eulogy Jones is like, there's no comparing.
Like, he's like, he has like almost like just stats.
Yes, you would, it would be great to, to, it would be, it would be more in keeping with
sort of like biological tradition, right?
Like the keeper of the egg stays stationary and then you keep shooting sperm at her.
You know, like insects, you know, going to the queen, you know, like, you're up, Hank.
You're going up to the boss lady.
It's your time in the barrel today.
Get your dick out, you little fucking drone.
Unfortunately, that's not how it worked out in Harmon Shelter.
All right, so I got, I took an Uber because it's a great organization that deserves as
much support as possible.
I picked me up and I was, I wanted to pick up, you know, a Schrab because, because he needs
a ride in order to do the show.
And, and I told, I'm telling the guy how to drive to the place and I go, go up here,
take a right on this street.
And then what?
And then, well, then you'll take another right, which street?
I said, I don't, I'll show you which one.
I think I, it's, it's just a, it's a stop sign up.
I said, I want to say Ambrose, but I'll show you.
Driving comes and gets to the street.
It's avocado.
He takes a right, I got, I got, take a right, right here.
He goes, it's avocado.
He corrected me.
I was very clear in the fact that I was not like, like sure what the street was and he
fucking couldn't resist.
It's avocado.
Yeah.
I see the sign too.
Like I said, you got me.
Doesn't Uber make you or require a request that you type in your destination address
when you get in the car?
No, I do that for my own convenience, but I first, I needed to pick up Schrab and then
go to this location.
So I didn't want to freak anybody out or, I don't know how that would work.
I don't want to put in his address.
All right.
That's it.
That's all I got.
Let's, let's, let's turn it over to some of our friends starting with, let's bring out
Rob Schrab.
Speaking of a sexy night wear and attributes, did you just come from Eulogy Jones's place?
I was sitting on the couch with my wonderful wife and my perfect dog, watching an L.A.
story and, and said, it's a good movie.
What a wonderful.
Fuck.
Would you please do the show?
It was like an hour before we got here.
Will you please do the show?
They like you.
He likes you too, Rob.
I know.
I love him.
Dan never won.
Dan, in a moment of weakness, told me that he really enjoys you in the show, and I think
without him having said too much, I think it's, it's, it's a rekindling of your guys's,
your friendship.
Well, here, let's do the, let's do the actual conversation.
Oh, should I get on my phone?
Yeah, yeah.
All right, okay.
Wait, wait, wait.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Don't go yet.
So you, this is exactly.
If you scroll up high enough, Rob, yeah, Rob always, he sent me a, a, some kind of video
of a slow motion of someone throwing a baseball at a batter and just before the batter hits
the ball, it cuts to a woman peeing all over other women.
Put like a fire hose, like, yeah.
All right.
What do you do with your phone?
What do you, what do you text?
What, what, what, what is the, what do you do?
Okay.
So I'll, I'll, I'll, should do you want to play each other?
What do you?
What?
Or ourselves?
Who, who, which part do you want?
Dealer's choice.
Just start.
What?
Well, I'll play you.
You play me.
Okay.
This is, this was at 10 to seven tonight.
Uh, whoop, Harmontown tonight.
Whoop, please.
Everyone loves you.
Dude, it's an hour before your show.
I'm not organized.
There's no, there's no guests.
You'll have fun.
Like, like that's the thing that makes me have fun or not.
If there's like a guest.
You always get a little antsy when, you know, people come up and they want to talk about
their illness that they're struggling with and you like turn into a six year old in church.
You know, make an armpit farts and someone's just survived some leukemia or something.
I don't even think you can.
I'm not organized.
There's no guest.
You'll have fun.
You have two assistants.
Remember last we talked and I thought I said, please just come every week.
Yeah.
And you didn't tell me there wasn't a show last week.
Extra text.
I looked like an idiot all alone on the stage.
All right, I'll tell Steve that you're a regular part of the show so he could be on top of it.
If you come tonight.
If you pick me up.
Okay.
And heart my grams.
I need every heart.
I need every, every heart I can get.
It's a jungle out there.
And then whoops, I kind of fucked up.
Just called Uber now and it's 10 minutes away from my place.
So we're going to be rolling into meltdown like 805.
Oh, no.
Is that a car?
Is that a you were being sarcastic, right?
Yeah.
Saints preserve us holy cow.
805.
I had to find three different kinds of pajamas.
Luckily I was wearing my only pair.
Heading to you now.
Okay.
Pick a pulling up.
All right.
I'm glad you guys had fun listening to that.
Can't find my pocket now.
So I heard you got a pedicure.
You told me on the car right over here.
Well, an ounce of prevention is worth a pedicure.
Hey man, you picked him.
The kids, the kids love him.
And I, you know, I just, I was in a bad mood.
I thought, let's bring the guy that the kids like, you know, the crazy uncle.
It's like so irritable and like, I feel like Mercury's in retrograde as my, my, my, my astrology believing ex-girlfriend Robin used to say every two weeks, Mercury's in retrograde.
Yeah.
She's like every two weeks.
Every time your iPad doesn't play music, it's Mercury's in retrograde.
It also affects traffic and parking and like, but I do think it's interesting to have as part of your mythology.
Cause like sometimes, you know, you have those days you just feel sort of like you're out of, you're out of sync.
Yeah.
Like you feel like everything you do is clumsy.
Everything you, everything you say is like ill timed.
Like, like every, it's like nothing's working.
You're like out of sync with the Lord.
There's also a full moon yesterday too, right?
We're in all the planets aligned, didn't like all the planets aligned.
And then there was a full moon.
Somebody thought I read that all the planets were aligned.
Like all of them?
All, every single planet in the universe were in a straight line.
Yeah.
What's that?
February 2nd.
All the planets will be aligned.
Everyone?
Well, they must be.
Every planet will be aligned.
Even that, even that new one they just found?
They found a new planet.
It's going to be in the front of the line.
Yeah.
Before that, before like Mercury?
Well, yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
Well, where did they find this new planet?
Way the fuck out there.
Oh, okay.
Maybe it's the other side of the line.
Okay.
I mean, yeah, it's the front of the line depending on which way you're, which is the front.
Well, yeah.
I feel like all planets are trying to get into the rest of the universe, right?
So the front of the line would be out there.
They'd be going away.
They'd be going away, man.
They don't want to be, they don't want to be by no sun.
No, no.
They'd be going away.
They'd be going all the way.
Yeah.
If I were a planet, I wouldn't want to be the first to be devoured by the gravity and the heat of the sun.
No, no.
I'd hate that.
No.
God, no.
That wouldn't be me.
However.
No, I wouldn't want that either.
Which, which, where in line would you like to be?
Would you like to be the farthest one out, Rob?
Would you like to be like?
Ah, you know, in the, the light middle.
I see you as kind of a Neptune kind of a guy.
You're out, you're out there.
You're big and grassy.
Yeah.
You're big, grassy, blue.
Is this kind of, is this one of our little fun sketches where Rob is Neptune and.
And, and then we start improvising and it's really fun and joyful.
Not yet.
Okay.
All right.
No, no.
Well, I just, look.
The, the, the, the, the, but the, the things on the outskirts of the solar system, like,
like we've, we've, we've.
Here's something I've always wanted to know.
How come when we, when we, when we go into space, how come we've never gone down?
We're always going to the moon.
Always going there.
Always sending stuff out.
How come we don't go down?
Into, into the earth?
Somebody.
What?
Into the center of the earth?
No.
No, no, no.
He's always going.
How come we're always on this two dimensional plane?
Go to Mars.
The planets.
Like.
Why don't we go down?
It's funny.
Why don't we, why don't we ever go down?
Yeah.
We could go up.
You always go.
Why do we always go?
Well, we're going to go to, we're going to go to, we're going to go to the moon.
And then we're going to go to Mars.
And then maybe we'll go out this way.
It might be somewhere right under us.
We could.
There might be a whole other solar system right under us.
We never.
It might be like an apartment complex.
Even, even.
There might be a sun under the sun.
Even in space.
Oh, shit.
It is like everybody, you see some rocket takes off.
It just goes left.
It doesn't go.
We never go down.
You know?
And I think this is why the South Pole needs a, like, like a rocket.
They teach you when you, when you're making those little like mobiles of the solar system,
it's just a flat thing.
Yeah.
Why don't they ever go down?
Because then, then you'd hit a baby.
That's because it's based on a mobile, mobile, mobile.
Oh, shit.
We're indoctrinated.
We learned since childhood, even all of NASA's scientists grew up looking at the first thing
they saw.
That was the thing above their crib.
And so we're all, we've all gone crazy.
Do you think, do you think that's why there's the baby in 2001?
Yeah.
He went down.
The baby's down here.
In the director's cut, in the director's cut, like he's, he's like floating and he kind
of turns and he's looking.
He's going to break the fourth wall and they cut.
The director's cut, he goes, we should have went, we don't go down.
Why don't we ever go down?
And it pulls out and there's a crease and a big crib.
Yeah.
And then, and then it keeps pulling out.
And it's like a nursery.
Yeah.
And then it's under a big triangle eye, illuminati.
And then, and then it keeps pulling out and there's a Jew.
I'm, I'm racist.
I think so.
The power, the freedom.
Sorry.
I dropped my phone.
You reacted more to my phone dropping than my anti-Semitism.
It's the Trump factor.
We've, we've entered a fucking new.
Why are we so afraid of going down?
His phone just went down.
You saw what happened.
Yeah.
It broke.
We, we never, we never went down.
I, I, I think there's something down there.
Why don't we bring out a resident astronomical.
Right.
Spokesperson, Jonah Ray.
What?
Hey, resident astronomical spokesman.
This is what I look like.
This is what you're doing at home.
This is what I was look like.
I was in heaven.
And then.
These look like comfortable shoes.
They're Uggs.
They sure are.
Are you guys attracted to women in Uggs?
I'd say quite the opposite.
I'm very turned on by women in tights and Uggs.
Tight, like the combo or just either are.
Definitely.
I ordered from each.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
That is yours to keep, sir.
That is yours to keep.
No, no, no.
Toss it back.
Thank you.
I ordered each 24.
I ordered each 24 of the, of like a couple of weeks ago.
And I, and I, and I was dressed like this and I went down to get my, my green leaves.
And then, and then I'm signing for it.
And then the guy, as I'm signing for it, the guy goes, those are cool.
They should make them for guys and walk the fuck away.
No.
Wow.
This is the guy that works at green leaves.
Was he a Wahlberg?
Should have got, should have got burgers from Wahlburgers.
Dude got Wahlberg.
He should have got Wahlberg.
You know what?
It's because he was watching the entourage marathon.
That was happening all weekend.
That sucks.
The thing that sucks about this.
And I already signed it and I already gave him a tip.
Yeah.
And I was like.
You still would have gave him a tip even if he had said that before.
Yeah.
You should have said, nice joke.
You, they should, you should have, wait.
Nice.
Yes, you got it.
You got it.
No, no, no.
Nice.
You got it, Dan.
It was pretty much like this.
Nice joke.
The first person who originally came up with it, because then it would have been, uh,
forgivable due to, like, like, it would have been a spontaneous.
At this point, he would have been, he would have been back to green leaves.
It's, it's a hack, you know, that's the thing.
That's like, that's what really bums me out.
But it worked.
That was all bummed out.
Was he trying to zing you?
Was he being like, like in general?
I don't think he was trying to zing me, which made it worse.
He was being like, I said serious, like, hey, look at those queer looking, no.
You got.
What would, what would make these, for God's sake?
More manly?
I don't know.
Spikes?
They're brown?
Like got, like.
Laces?
With laces?
Yeah.
I mean, it's more.
Spurs?
It's more clear that animals had to die to make those.
Oh, don't say that.
Spurs and skin.
And rubber.
Maybe the green leaves guys like Dan, and when he sees those, he thinks of women and tights.
Yeah, that's the thing.
This is not vegan friendly in your order from a vegan restaurant.
Oh shit.
He was right to call you a queer.
That's probably true.
These aren't vegan.
Okay.
I'm getting rid of these.
Throw them back in the audience.
You had a chance to throw them.
All right.
No, because someone might put them on and go, these are really comfortable and then run
into a field and kill a lamb.
For Valentine's Day.
Like honey, you got to try this.
Spencer, Spencer, these are, these are definitely like what?
They're made out of pork.
Shit.
All right.
I'm getting rid of them.
I mean, they're sheer lamb?
What did you think they were?
What does that mean?
Yeah.
Like, they shear the lamb.
Like they pull the skin off of the lamb.
Okay.
Yeah.
But what's wrapped around them?
The outside?
More lamb skin.
That's more lamb.
That's leather you're wearing.
Okay.
Well, I should have done my research before I did my billion Facebook posts.
You're bad.
You feel good now that your feet are at swath and had a nice lamb sandwich?
All right.
Who wants them?
But now your feet are going to...
What are your feet?
What are your feet made out of?
Roast.
And that's way...
Oh, good.
That's good.
Yes.
Separate them.
Give them both to the same person at least.
No, no.
No.
The two different people will find them and then they'll know true love once they come
together.
Tail as old as time.
How much is this a card?
Do you think there's any wool on you?
Let's get you fucking naked.
I hope you're covered in wool.
Look at the tag.
Oh, is it all just tricking the book?
There's no tag on the back of this.
It's just your shirt.
It says pork.
Oh, shit.
Yeah.
All right.
We'll strip them down of his animal products and then we'll slowly introduce him into the
sweatshop thing.
Yeah.
Well, yeah, that's, that's a violour.
All right.
I worked at a sweatshop.
I worked at a sweatshop down in Vernon, California.
Okay.
Yeah.
I was, I worked with a bunch of Russian ladies and then I was fired because they, I didn't
sweat enough.
I didn't sweat enough.
It's because I spoke English and the guy's like, you must be good at computers.
And then he made me try to do spreadsheets and I was real bad at Excel and then he says,
you're fucking fired.
And you're like, pull me back with the Russian women.
He says like, wait, no.
I asked, I said, I was pretty good at putting buttons on jeans.
He said, no, you weren't.
Wow.
What, what, yeah, what, so what were you making?
What was the product?
It was a brand that I, that I had never heard of.
I think it was called Leafy's.
It was some like just like off-brand jean.
And I was just putting on the top button above the zipper.
That was all I did all day for like eight hours.
Were they riveted on or stitched on?
They were riveted.
I was, I used a riveter.
And then I, that's all, that's all I did all day.
How big was the riveter?
How big was it?
It was about as big as you mined.
Yeah.
So.
I'm still bummed out about the whole Uggs thing.
I should have known that along, it's weird because it's such a go-to for, for people
who are defensive about, about, about the animal thing.
The first thing they, they learn to say is like, what, what do you think your shoes
and your belt are made of?
I know.
I got rid of all my shoes and my belt and my wallet, but I didn't think of my Uggs because
I'm stupid.
Is Dan going to have to carry you to the Uber like officer and a gentleman on the way out
of here?
God damn it, he better.
You better.
Well, I don't think you should feel that bad because I mean, it's, as much as I'm
sure you'd love to have a perfect like, like no animal effect record.
It's impossible.
It's much more important to like, like, like, I mean, a reduction is good, right?
Yeah.
But it's just, it's, it's, it's really impossible.
It's really hard.
Well, you know, we are fucking crazy super evolved monkeys that like had, I mean, we're,
we're carnivorous.
We're omnivorous.
So like, like, like we can, we can figure out how to evolve and subsist not by not hurting
animals, but like, I mean, we do live by murdering.
We do.
Yeah.
Oh, you're right.
Yeah, I do.
Plants are, plants are alive.
They just, you know, some plants kill.
So suddenly, yeah.
That's they, everyone's all high and mighty about plants, but they fucking murder flies.
This is fly trap.
This is, this is not me.
This is not me being a person that's saying like, oh, we might as well eat a bunch of
cows.
Like that's all.
Like I'm, I'm trying to let a guy off the hook that's given himself a hard time.
I mean, you're doing it.
I mean, I've been vegetarian for like 22 or three years.
Here we go.
But I have one week, one weakness ribs.
I have leather shoes and a belt and a wallet.
So I'm a hypocritical vegetarian all the way.
You know, I mean, I think, you know, like nobody wants to think of things in terms of
just a statistics and reduction because then you're like feeling like you're like, oh,
I'm the only going to kill a certain amount of things with my life, doesn't every little
thing.
Like, isn't it shouldn't the goal be more, it shouldn't be, it shouldn't be about absolutes.
It should be about like a reduction of, so that now, now Rob's Ugg boot, Rob's Ugg
boot is being passed around the audience and it just emerged with a flash of tequila inside
it.
Is it like a magical luck boot?
Now it's just being passed around like a weird flask.
People, people are drinking out of your Ugg boot, drink, drink the boot, drink the boot.
Each tag, drink the boot, drink the boot, drink the boot, drink the boot.
Here's the thing, we're all forgetting it's an Ugg boot and it will immediately just soak
up all the booze.
So then you're going to have to squeeze the boot, squeeze the boot, find a camera, squeeze
the boot.
Get up here, stand up here.
What is your name?
Ethan.
Of course, I know Ethan.
Don't drink it like that.
It's just a coosie that way.
It showed up in a laugh and I ticked it sideways and it just fell out.
Find a camera and drink the boot.
Yeah, look ahead at one of those cameras.
You sound like a porn director.
Find the camera, drink the boot.
Oh yeah, it's real boot liquor.
Oh shit.
She snuck in here, I was there when she got in.
Drink the boot.
I'm actually going to go to the bathroom doing this.
Okay.
I don't believe it.
You're going to go to the bathroom with no shoes on?
That's so gross.
Wow.
You're just going to soak up pee in your socks.
This was your moment and Schrab just decided to leave.
Alright, thank you.
Thank you.
Pass the boot around.
Pass the boot.
What do you want?
The boot.
Schrab's going to walk back on with like piss sticky feet.
It's going to be fucking sick.
Well, are we going to...
You know, this is as good as Schrab.
Are we going to applaud his vegan values or are we going to...
Are we going to piss foot shame him?
I mean, like this is...
Why can't we do both?
We're reliving the fall from grace to humanity.
I would rather Rob have animals on his feet than walk through pee-pee town with the socks
on.
As long as he got eyes wide open about that, so, okay, let's kill animals so our lives
aren't gross.
I mean, that is the deal we made.
And then we...
And then the slippery slope as we started going, what about poor people?
Who?
I mean, they sound like they're mooing to me.
I guess it's just I have my penthouse apartment, but all I hear is a kind of drone.
It sounds like a moo.
I mean, you know, I'm not saying eat them.
We got all this pork.
But what if we ate their happiness?
Yes.
What if most of them killed themselves and each other because we just leached their fucking
energy off of them?
You know that feeling when you walk by a homeless person that you don't give any money to?
And then when that feeling of guilt goes away?
That's the best feeling in the world.
If we could bottle that with sociopolitical anal beads, it's better on the way out.
Causing trauma to just...
There must be like a way to yank.
Because it's always such a slow process, you've got to pat their fake pockets and you walk
by and then it's a block later, you're kind of feel a little bit of relief.
How do you yank it on a skateboard?
Like a skateboard pass to a homeless guy?
I can't...
Whoa!
Yeah.
Going in, not so fun on the way out.
Boy, oh boy.
Did I tell you about my friend who used to work in the Returns Department at a sex toy
shop?
No.
Is that allowed?
Yeah, my two friends of mine actually worked in the Returns Department at a sex toy shop.
They needed two people on that job.
There's a flood of people coming in.
Look, apparently they would work late nights and people would bring, stuff would come back
and clearly having been re-boxed, meaning they tried it on or in for size.
And now they're like, this wasn't what I wanted.
But that's illegal.
I would imagine.
It's a biohazard.
But they also worked in the sex shop, and my friend, Israel, worked in the shop.
And Gargamel would mop the peep booths.
And they said that a guy came in late night, there was also a store front.
There was the brick and mortar front of the shop that you could go in and buy sex toys.
And a guy pulls up late at night, and they hated this job more than anything as you
can imagine.
And this guy pulls up in a fancy sports car with a hot drunk chick out in the car, and
he comes in.
And he's like, hey, I want to get some sex toys.
Come on.
And they're like, oh, Jeff, you tried anal bees.
And no, what do those do?
You know, you have her put these into your butt, and right as you're about to come to
her, tell her to pull them out as hard as she can and scream Geronimo.
He's like, really?
That works like gas.
They did that.
I'm hoping that guy's alive still.
Isn't that what you're supposed to do?
Yelcheronimo?
Well, I mean, you're not supposed to pull them out like you're starting a lawn mower.
You're not?
No.
I thought, everything I know about anal bees, I learned from stand-up comics.
I love that book.
Chicken soup for the fleshlight.
My friend, he worked at a video store that was 15% regular new release movies, and then
the rest, porn, just porn and sex toys, and he said there was one movie that was consistently
rented along as if he was going there for this movie, and then he would get a porn
just because it was there.
Oh, it's the Colgate toothpaste of the pantyhose fetishist at Albertsons.
You want to know what it was?
It's like, toothpaste is like right in the right spot.
I need some toothpaste and some pantyhose.
I might as well just like.
And that toothpaste was a league of their own.
I had to go to the market yesterday because I was taping a hoose line and I've learned
that I sweat a lot to my armpits and I wear suits and I don't want to sweat through them.
So I've learned from a wardrobe lady that you put maxi pads in your t-shirt and like
little penny lanners in there and it works like, it works a charm.
Does it look like you have puffy pits though?
I don't know because they're little skinny guys that go right, you stick them on in the
inside of your armpit of your t-shirt and you put them in there and you're good to go.
It's like a wardrobe secret.
But it was the first time I walked up and I forget what else I bought but it was a pretty
funny egg.
I got some peanut butter cups.
Yeah, I get so much like, yeah, it was like, I give them more scotch tape, I don't know.
You never just go in and say, fuck it, I'm just going to go pantyhose straight across
the board and you don't ever do like a beard purchase on that?
No.
There was one time, this is all pre-Amazon days, so really if you were going to be a
creep with a nylon fetish and no girlfriend and you were going to have an indulge yourself
with your mannequin leg, you were on some level you were going to have a face-to-face
encounter and I remember going into like a boutique on a large month, you know, a fancy
place.
Like a lingerie or something.
I was just like, I got caught so off guard that I was like, I was so used to like, oh.
I know Rob, the plastics industry ain't no same either.
The carbon literal footprint of what you're wearing right now.
Yeah, you know they still use cattle to drive the plastic mills.
Rob has plastic bags on his feet right now, for our homelessness.
Hey, tell him to subscribe to the video feed, for our homeless listeners, Rob's having
some beautiful plastic bags on his feet.
And Jonah feels great about having walked away from you.
Anyways, so I walked into this boutique and I was so used to the larger kind of Albertsons
energy where I was like, okay, I'm going to walk around, I'm going to browse, I'm going
to walk out of here with a few sundries and notions and among them maybe perhaps a hosiery
product.
Yeah, for the wife, back home.
I don't know why, but it's a tiny little store and there were like three women who were really
helpful and I was browsing this rack of like a panty house and it all happened so quickly.
I just walked in, where are you?
You're not allowed to, you've just, that was also the beginning of the story.
He's in a boutique on Larchmont for panty house.
Yeah, I mean, fine.
That's all you had to say, that's all you had to say, now I can be quiet and listen.
Listen to that while you were on the stage, presumably listening.
I wasn't listening.
And you came in with, you came in here like Gallagher with shit on your feet, like, wait,
wait, wait, wait, wait.
It's my favorite Gallagher.
I took it in stride.
I don't know, don't think I can hear what you guys are saying about me when I'm walking
out there.
What the fuck are you asking questions?
You guys are walking out, you guys, I'm walking out there and I'm going to the bathroom and
so you go, he's going to get pee on his foot.
He's like, I'm such a fucking joke, I've got a piece of shit to you.
Nobody can hear anything when you walk with plastic bags on your feet.
You can feel like a fucking jackass all the time, feel like a piece of shit, piss all
over me.
Thanks for having me on, man.
You make me look like a jerk in front of my wife, dog.
So these three ladies come over and they're trying to help you out.
They're just like immediately like, can I help you?
And I was like standing by the pantyhose when they asked that and I was like, no, I'm just
looking and they're like at pantyhose and I was like, yeah, and they're like for your
girlfriend and I'm like, yep, it just kept on from there until I mean, I had to make
this whole fictional girlfriend and like, I was like shopping for like, why am I buying
her pantyhose and how tall is she and it was a whole thing, it's not like a hugely entertaining
story dialogue line.
I'm sorry, I interrupted then.
You got to take notes.
So anyways, Jonah, we are label mates in this new venture called CISO.
CISO.
I have a couple of questions.
You have CISO questions.
Why is it called CISO when there's only one ring in it?
If you see something, say something.
Say something.
Isn't it C?
No, you get it.
If you see something, say something.
No one knows why.
Do you know why?
He says like it's, if you don't believe that you can get good comedy for $4.99 a month,
see, so you get it.
I think that, I mean, it's not good, but that's what it is.
That's what it is.
Yeah.
CISO for yourself.
I think that, well, I'll tell you, I have the answer to your question, but I think the
bottom line is probably that as with, that the goal is always to come up with gibberish
because that's the all that's left available.
And it has to be gibberish that when you hear it, you know how to spell it.
But I think the logic behind the etymology as has been told to me is that you see something
so you tell someone, it's summarizing the primal experience of word of mouth advertising.
Wow.
CISO.
I see Monty Python archives, so I'm telling Jonah Ray, you go to CISO.
But I'm already there.
Yeah, that's true.
Jonah, when does your show drop?
I think June, I think.
June is, when is yours?
When does yours go?
Spring.
April.
2006.
Jeff, Jeff's in an episode of my show.
What's it called again?
Hidden America.
Hidden America with Jonah Ray.
It's great.
Yeah, I got to be in one episode.
Yeah, to be in an episode.
Awesome.
Do you think it's good?
My show?
I don't like anything I do.
I like one thing I've done, Harmon Quest, coming soon to CISO.
When does that come out?
Spring.
2016.
Do you like it?
It's really good.
I really love it.
I like mine too.
I like mine too then.
Okay.
I don't know how to, I don't like ego and bravado.
So to say I like something I did feels a bit too forward.
Unless you make something amazing.
That's true.
I don't think.
Then you're just being humble by going, whoa, I made that.
Do you do that often?
No, just with Harmon Quest.
Coming soon to CISO.
Community seasons one through six all sucked.
Rick and Morty can suck my balls.
Harmon Quest is the one thing I'm proud of.
Wow.
That's great.
So if that interests you, tune in.
That does.
So it's because all these people are going like, well, I love those things.
The guy who made it thinks they suck, this Harmon Quest going to be the best.
Yeah.
It's a little misguided.
It was remarkable the extent to which like seeing that whole thing come together because
I was like, when I was watching the Ricky Gervais show on HBO, I was like, I fucking
love it when people are saying shit in audio off the cuff and then animators are illustrating
it in the exact, it is the thing that makes me laugh until I cry all the time.
If the guy is Carl Pilkington and the artist, those artists, if you strive for that, you
can make me laugh until I cry in that format.
So I was like, yeah, there's got to be a way to like the D&D thing to do that and that's
been like years and years in the making and seeing it actually come together now.
I hear all your friends are a part of it.
Yep.
Just the funny ones.
Yeah.
That's cool.
That's cool that you got them all together.
Yeah.
It must have been hard because they're so busy.
But you don't like games famously.
Oh, yeah.
That's right.
Oh, you hate playing games.
Oh, shit.
Oh, wow.
Yeah.
I hate seeing you eat crow by your own pitard.
That's a real saying.
That crow hoist captain pitard up high enough.
You fucking pitard.
Not a big laugh on that one.
You were almost there.
I think you almost held that one.
Anyways.
You kind of did that, though, on, there's two episodes of Rick and Morty that are kind
of like that with improvised dialogue and then the animated stuff.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Well, Justin was doing that in House of Cosby's, like the whole internet dimensional cable
thing.
Yeah.
Justin goes in the booth and like makes crazy shit up and then the animators like draw it.
It's pretty great.
You know, I think it's a good time for House of Cosby's to just be put up on YouTube.
It's like, money-wise, I'm sure he's spread a bit thin.
Yeah.
I have a feeling he's not going to come after us.
His legal department has a lot of thumbs and a lot of pies right now.
Yeah.
Put in pies.
God, to go back, to go back in fucking time when we were getting those cease and desist
letters for a fucking...
Seesaw and desist letters.
Why do they call it?
Love to just write a letter back to the lawyer, sending the cease and desist and go, I think
we both know that you have bigger fish to fry.
I think we both know you have 47 fish to fry.
Oh, my God.
If only God...
I now think that is the way I would use time travel if I stumbled onto it.
There'd be like portals like open of like, I could push Hitler in the shower.
I could like make him break his neck.
I could like, I can't riff a bunch of examples of benevolent ways to use time travel.
Just riff your own later with your own room.
And then there's just, I'm going to shame Bill Cosby for his crime against me.
Humanity.
Because that's the thing he did that really gets my fucking dander up.
I just went back and watched all the House of Cosby's.
They're pretty funny.
They're great.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, they were real good.
You were in those, Rob.
I was in a, I was in a couple.
Rob, you were a big Bill Cosby fan.
I was.
We haven't really talked about the impact that these allegations of...
Now, you've had...
...applications have had on you.
What, I'm bummed out about it, you know, as much as anybody that was inspired by him.
You think it will forever color, like if you go back and listen to his records, it'll
always like...
Yeah, absolutely.
Yeah.
I mean, how couldn't it?
Exactly.
Yeah, because why is a trip to the dentist that funny now?
Yeah, yeah.
He's, he's now more...
Smobic.
He's now more known for rape than being funny.
So yeah, try to get that out of your head.
Doesn't, it's not easy.
So you, you, you won't, you can't separate the art from the artist.
Oh, I thought you were doing a bit.
I was just trying to think of a real pretentious thing to say in the light of a...
In this case...
You can't separate the rape from the rapist.
It's interesting, if you listen to like, as I do, like I'll flip on channels on my car
on the satellite, like XM Sirius...
Ooh.
Oh yeah.
I drive a car at your house.
Oh no.
My car only goes terrestrial.
But like...
Tell me about your space car, Jeff.
Well, it goes like up to like, like a hundred miles an hour.
There's like four or five comedy channels and once in a while you...
What do you...
I'm just redecorating right now.
No, no.
This is what I do.
Are you going to flash?
Are you going to sit like Casey Slater?
No.
Oh.
Are you about to break it down for real?
No, no.
Are you about to give me counseling advice when I'm in eighth grade?
You guys did literally all of these bits the last time I turned my chair around.
Guys, don't overreact.
He only stood up on a stage where there's only four things to look at and one of them
is you.
Yeah, yeah, everyone's overreacting.
We're all a bunch of mental fucking mittens.
You guys are all acting like you don't always see a guy in pajamas with plastic bags on
his feet.
Get up and do arbitrary set design.
Let's have some more of this.
Let's take it easy.
Teacher's trying to tell us something.
Let's have Rob talk about the importance of veganism for three minutes while the three
of us do normal things that you'd be an asshole for being distracted by.
Nobody's an asshole.
I felt like I was slouching too much and I thought that was taking focus.
Sorry, I was dreaming of, I was on a bicycle.
It happens.
What's the biggie do we?
I coined it and you're all going to be saying it tomorrow.
Hey everybody, it's Dan Harmon.
What's the biggie do we?
We'll be right back.
I'm an adorable 43 year old fat white man adopted by aliens and I just keep going.
What's the biggie do we?
Dan, we got to send you back to where you are actually from.
You don't know their cultures but we're just going to let you figure it out.
What's the biggie do we?
Good, start with that.
Sorry, we're doing too different.
Alright, so CISO, Harmon Quest, Rob is...
I was saying XM Radio, you were flipping through the channel and once in a while you will still hear them play a clip from Cosby
and I don't know if that's them being provocative or maybe that's just old programming stuff.
They forgot to expand.
That's weird.
It's an interesting... I don't know.
Right after the first allegations started coming out, after the Hannibal Burris stuff and all the first wave of the women coming out
saying that they had been assaulted by him, they would play and they would talk about it, the Spanish fly bit,
which is like... that's the first thing I thought of.
I just heard that a few weeks ago.
But this stuff has been around ten years prior to Hannibal.
They were doing bits about it on SNL.
Well that was the big outrage was that there was a conspiracy of...
I thought it was a very insightful observation.
I heard about it, I was bummed out about it.
Bobcat joked around about it.
People talked about it.
You would hear things about it and then that was... I thought that was an astute observation.
Well the crowd laughs when Hannibal Burris says it.
The crowd laughs with recognition.
They laugh because it's something that people have already... it's already been in the ether a bit.
And then for some weird fascinating reason about our national psyche because he is a young black man and a comic.
Right? That has something to do with it, right? Am I crazy?
That was the think pieces that were written about it.
Hannibal Burris had to say something before people started dog piling.
He had even recorded that set long before it was ever released.
It was in Philly which is why he brought it up because that's where Cosby was from.
I think it just happened to be maybe a slow news day that some guy was like,
I'm gonna post this, make an article about it and then it blew up.
For rightfully so and it's great for what happened and people get in recognition from it.
But I think it was just a happenstance that some guy at HuffPo decided to write an article about it.
HuffPo.
I get all my hip news from the HuffPo.
What's the dealio?
I don't have time to say...
Let me right click on that HuffPo.
What's the weather today, HuffPo?
Oh, it's a Bombay 65 with a windshield.
Professor Schrab, can you please just teach us once?
Oh my gosh. Hey, HuffPo, what are some of the funny cartoons I can look at?
HuffPo.
Oh, really, really.
HuffPo Wheeljack, Silver Streak.
The Decepticons are attacking.
HuffPo.
You know, back in my day, it was called the Huffington Po.
What about Grandpappy's Day?
Grandpappy's Day, it was the Huffington Post Office.
Oh, yeah.
They had all the time in the world back then.
Yeah, you didn't know back in his day that it was the Huffington Post Office.
What do the cavemen call it?
They called the cavemen called it.
Back in their day, they called it the Huffington Post Office Choir.
Choir?
Choir.
Oh, it was just pre-linguistic gibberish.
It was like primal prints.
Well, they didn't have the margin set, so the rest of the title went right off of the stone.
What you're hearing during that word is someone seeing a dinosaur and running.
I'll finish this later.
There's things you call shit, and then there's running from a dinosaur!
Dinosaurs and men existed at the same time, but not women.
That's my very controversial point of view.
I believe in the Big Bang. I believe the universe is 6 trillion years old.
I don't cotton to all that bullshit with these fucking evangelical people,
but I believe that man and dinosaur lived at the same time.
Does that mean that women are a descendant of man fucking a dinosaur?
No, women so hot.
Yes, yes, yes.
You guys know that there's like dino porn.
Don't say it so matter-of-factly.
Yeah, but did you hear that fucking, yeah.
That's my crowd.
Yeah, there's like a series of books.
They're sort of like self-starters turned like huge popular things.
They're fiction.
It's women being kind of ravished by dinosaurs.
Do the dinosaurs have feathers?
You have every question that I have.
As far as we got was like pulling up some of the covers online,
and then like, yeah, I guess it's like just sort of a,
it's something that's like a generated out-of-fan fiction,
and then became like the genre.
Is it CG dinosaurs, like slash, like, these are dinosaurs fucking?
Well, yeah, it's CG.
Oh, people, well, it's live action. It's not like-
No, it's fiction. It's just literature.
Oh, literature.
I'm saying it's like stories about, we skimmed through.
There'll be like stories about like a dinosaur,
and then it's sexualizing dinosaurs.
Are you looking at this? Are you looking it up right now?
Are you looking it up?
Wait, so are dinosaurs like just forcing themselves?
That's what we don't know.
Justin heard about it, and then he drew on the whiteboard
this amazing picture of like a T-rex with a big hard-on and,
and then a woman kind of perched on it,
like sort of like rubbing his nipples.
A rape tour?
It could have been consensual.
But I think it's sort of like-
because that was my first question is,
are they raptor size? Because that's- who cares?
Like, well, raptors are like, you know,
they're regular size, so that's like-
Where's the imagination?
Where's the sense of whimsy?
I can get into that though.
Blow my mind.
Don't put me- confine me in such a raptor-shaped box.
That's why I think it's interesting.
Let's get some stegosaur, Aaron.
Because there is such a thing as bestiality,
and we have beasts on this earth that raptors are the same size as.
I think it's very interesting because I've never heard of that,
like the idea that you could sexualize such a giant prehistoric lizard.
I wanted to be very clear on that.
I was like, are we talking about Godzilla-sized like fucking things?
And then how do they sexualize them?
I don't know, I didn't read- it's not like-
You're saying it's dino, like it's reptile on women action?
Does anybody know more about this?
She's got- she just brought it up.
Well, yeah, but she's shot her hand down.
But the fastest hand that I've ever seen raised happened.
Get up here and read us from Dinoporn.
What did you, madam?
What is your name?
She's the same one who put the booze in the booze.
Please be America's foremost author of Dinoporn.
No, he actually has a name, and he's on-
He's on Amazon.com, many a book.
I don't remember his name, though.
Well, now I don't like it.
It's like Chris-
It's Christy Soot.
That's how I- I thought it was a woman.
No.
And I was like, it's Danielle Steele.
There's a couple different ones.
He had an excellent Reddit AMA one time,
and he likes to put businessmen in suits,
fucking dinosaurs, or dinosaurs in suits,
fucking-
We'll see though.
I can't get into the reality anymore.
No, I'm turned on.
That's also-
Now you got a fan.
I'm turned on by dinosaurs in suits.
Yeah.
I'll fuck a dinosaur in a suit.
I'm sorry, what's your name, young lady?
My name's Molly.
Molly, so these are man-sized dinosaurs?
No, they might be dinosaurs.
Man-sized.
And dinosaurs-shaped size.
But there's also-
Wait, wait, wait.
I'm saying-
Wait, say that.
I didn't get that.
This is the stage of the show where I'm getting a little drunk.
Pretend to scale very well.
Me too.
So, yeah, they're like dinosaur size, like big ones.
The dinosaurs range in size.
Like, is there ever a story where Wayne Knight fucks a spitter?
I don't-
Don't encourage him.
I do not know what that is.
I think we know how it ends.
Good thing, mostly, everyone else does.
You know, I have a bumper sticker that says,
Good Dilapasauruses don't spit.
Anyways.
Would you like to know, please?
Dilapasaurus.
My favorite is dinosaurs fucking cars.
What?
Okay.
Yes.
Are the cars, like Pixar cars, like they're like-
Ow!
No.
All the cars have to be-
They're like straight up like mechanical cars with no faces.
Not humanized at all.
Just like giant dinosaurs.
Are they put in a dick like in the muffler or in the trunk, I guess?
Oh, no.
Sorry, I got it wrong.
It's not dinosaurs.
It's dragons.
Dragons with wings.
Dragons fucking cars.
Yes.
Okay.
What the fuck?
Go back.
Dragons?
It's a whole subreddit.
Dragons fucking cars.
Now, is this just people having fun or is not people jerking off actively?
That sounds like a white-winged policy.
All right.
That's a question.
I'm out.
All right.
Everybody-
Can I have my tequila back?
Yeah.
All right.
Now, we know.
Okay.
Let me get a little Donahue control here.
Donahue was a guy who hosted a talk show before Geraldo.
What?
Okay.
Well, you can have one.
So, Molly-
Yes, Dan.
You mentioned in passing, some of these stories are dinosaur-sized dinosaurs sexualized in
situations with regular-sized women, right?
I really, I just need to remember the name of this guy and then we'll have like a million
excellent titles to draw from.
Chuck Tingle.
It's Chuck Tingle.
So, does Chuck Tingle write Chuck human-sized dinosaurs but dinosaur-sized humans?
Okay, so there's definitely an excellent title that something has to do with his butt
fucking his own butt.
Wait, what?
Oh, yeah.
His own butt fucking his own butt?
That's like where his ass fucks him, right?
Okay, all right.
Let's go.
It's nice work if you can get it.
Author.
Chuck Tingle wrote a story about his own butt fucking his own butt.
Yeah, like his butt shows up and it's like-
Is he a genius?
Yeah, I'd say.
Yes, he literally is a genius.
He's been a national treasure.
If butts start learning how to fuck themselves, we're all out of a fucking job.
Yeah.
Life finds a way.
I know.
You and me and every dinosaur we know.
So, the first title that comes up is My Ass is Haunted by the Gay Unicorn, Colonel.
Too long.
Colonel.
His name is Colonel?
Colonel, like with the O's in it.
Colonel.
Okay.
All right, so a lot of these people, a lot of his, a lot of his-
Okay, here, space raptor butt invasion.
All right.
Okay.
Is that like one of a series of space raptors?
Oh, oh, oh.
That's like the third one, space raptor three, butt invasion.
Space raptor in the hood.
They did three of those.
Yeah, yeah.
Space raptor out west.
They did one space raptor in space and three in the hood.
Okay, so here's the one I was thinking of.
Pounded in the butt by my own butt.
Okay.
This sounds like one of my raps.
Yeah.
Can we get, can we put the, can we put out the Harmontown bat signal and get Chuck Tingle
on the show?
I've read that.
That story.
That's good.
Well, I just don't, I just don't want to fall into like a thing.
Like if this is like a Piranha movie thing where it's like, I don't want this guy to
be in on the joke.
I want him to be.
That's what it looks like though.
But we don't know that he makes his own artwork.
A lot of the story is about him being so surprised that it's actually his own butt.
How do you know?
I've read it.
Is this Chuck Tingle though?
Is this the guy?
Is this the model?
Is this guy too ripped and handsome to be Chuck Tingle?
No, that's not Chuck.
I think we're finding out Spencer is Chuck Tingle.
Don't roll your eyes.
What?
I mean, roll your eyes?
I guess I roll my eyes.
You're as, he's holding up the cover of, of, of my butt, pounded my own butt.
It's like clearly a guy.
My is on the title twice.
You don't think he would put himself on the cover?
When you walk past a Harlequin novel, do you think that Angela Harlequin is the woman on
the cover?
She's not.
Is she not?
I really did think it and I feel dumb now.
Thanks.
He thought Harlequin was just some lady who's always good to go.
I thought that might have been him.
All right.
Well, I, yeah, I wanted to, but here's the thing.
I only brought it up because I, so like may as the self loathing male in me, I thought,
I thought, I thought it was like, I thought it was like a, a, a new like culture among
women who were like, I want to do it with a dinosaur.
And they were like expressing themselves.
I didn't know it was like some anonymous guy who's like, and then the dinosaur fucks
the lady.
And everyone's like, yay.
So you thought the, the, the authors were female?
I thought it was like a phenomenon, like with like a new, like one of many like new blossoming
like, like, like things that couldn't have been possible if the internet hadn't like,
like, like, you know, existed that, that people can find each other and then find their audience
so that, that you can, if, you know, rule 34 meets the human psyche and like, like people
going like, yeah, I, you know what, I have this one thing that I'm really, really, really
obsessed with and I'm really, really passionate about it.
And then everyone going, yes, yes, yes.
I like that too.
Like, I mean, there's only 500 of us, but I'll give you $30 for a t-shirt.
And like, like, that's what I love about the internet.
And I thought, I thought it was like, there was this thing that was like this biosphere
where it was like, did you know that there, that, that women like, like certain small subset
of a subset of a subset of women, like, like they, when they look at a t-rex, they like,
they get a little bit tingly.
They get a little tingly.
And that some of them are like really good writers and that, and that, and that people
like flooding to their work and going like, this is amazing.
Like, that's how I, right?
But isn't it possible that, that is like, that he's writing for like, that his stuff lands
on the people?
Maybe he's really good.
Yeah.
I'm not, I'm not judging the guy.
I, I, I don't know anything about, about this person.
I'm not saying, I just saying like the mythology I created in my head is a disappointment.
It's like, I had a thing.
You're disappointed in dinosaur porn.
No.
So it matters a lot to him whether or not people actually get off on it or not.
Right.
Yeah.
It doesn't really matter.
It's, we can just laugh at it too.
Yeah.
I mean, I guess I have a, I have a relationship now where it's like, we open up the laptop,
we watch the porn, the acting's bad.
Like we can, we can search for jokes.
We can search for whatever.
We laugh that all of a sudden someone's jerking off.
Then we're fucking whatever.
Like, like, it's like, like, I guess that's fine.
But the piranha movie thing, I just don't want to be part of someone else's joke.
Yeah.
No, no, I get that.
It's when someone's in on the joke, it makes it.
Like, be passionate about your shit.
Yeah.
Don't laugh with me when I'm laughing at your thing.
You fucking say out of my joy, making fun of you.
Yeah.
Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't repackage the room as a comedy, Tommy Wiseau.
Fucking stand your ground and say, this is the citizen cane of movies about a guy with
a burn, burgy, like burn scars on his back doing a sex scene with a woman and a fucking
crazy ass, like psychological experiment that involves taking two cameras together.
That is weird though.
When you see the movie, it's a, everyone saw the room and Tommy Wiseau shows up and he's
very, he's very playing about how much he loves it.
But it has anyone ever seen it?
I know, Schrab, you've seen it.
I think you say, get, get, get, get, get it in.
Have you guys seen Gettaven?
Oh yeah.
I've seen Gettaven.
Gettaven is a movie called Get Even.
But in the title shot, the words are too close together, so everyone just calls the movie
Gettaven.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's a guy, it's a, it's a, it's a, he's a Tommy Wiseau type.
Yeah.
He's a self-made, like he, movie star, he made his own.
He looked like Dr. Phil kind of.
Yes.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And he made, he made a movie about him.
He's a lawyer.
He's a lawyer in Los Angeles.
Yeah.
And so he funded and wrote and directed and starred.
And sang in.
And sang in his own movie.
Oh yeah.
But like we, we, me and Deanna saw it at Cine Family and he showed up.
Everyone's like, it's like, what do you think he's going to be like now?
When did you see that?
Um, you made it two years ago?
Yeah.
You were there, right?
Oh yeah.
That was after, um, wasn't that after my birthday?
Your birthday was right before it?
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
And do you remember he showed up and he was wearing a windbreaker suit, a two piece windbreaker suit
and brought in his own igloo cooler full of, uh, natural light.
And then when everyone asked about the movie, they're like, it's like, so tell us about,
uh, how you made the movies.
Like, well, you know, I want, I set out to make, uh, the best action movie ever.
And I, I think we got pretty close.
Yep.
And then everyone, it's like, you've, you've heard a room full of people laughing, but
you've never heard of a room of people trying not to laugh.
So really, I mean, that's, that's an interesting new phenomenon too.
Like, uh, like everybody go see, uh, what was it, worst, worst, what's it called?
Worst, best movie.
Because it examines that, that, that phenomenon really closely.
Cause the movie troll too is like this, like insanely horrible movie and there's like these
actors in it.
And like, it's, it is interesting this thing that we do where, uh, like, like we celebrate.
We go like, that's the fucking movie's the best.
I'm so into this movie because it's so horrible.
And then like where, like, like what we, our definitions of like, uh, when you're being
mean by doing that and are you supposed to, anyways, Molly, what's your, um, uh, what's,
what's like a issue or anything that I can solve for you with a rap?
Like a, like a, like a social issue or a topic in the news right now or a personal thing
for you.
I'm, I'll make it all better with a rap or I'll dress it at least.
I'll get to the bottom of it.
Okay.
I have an answer for you.
Uh, I work with dogs in a city.
I work in a dog with dogs in a city and you people who live in cities, stop getting dogs
please.
All right.
Because those poor dogs just live inside all day and you go to work and you leave them
alone and they're bored.
You're mean.
Yeah.
Stop doing that.
I take my dog to work.
Well, that's nice.
Thank you.
No.
Is it also inside when you're at work?
Do you work in a park where it can run around?
No.
But I'd stay inside all day too.
All right.
Give me a beat.
Yo.
M.C.
Don writes.
Yo.
You got a best friend.
He's been with you from the beginning to the end.
He's got four little paws and a tail.
Yo.
Check your mail.
There's a letter from me.
I wrote it with a little blood and pee because I'm trapped in the fourth ring of hell and
I'm telling you, you got to get your dog and sell it to a park so it can run around.
That's cool.
Ok.
Alright.
Thank you.
Chen.
Yeah.
Look if you can wrap it up.
That's just jealous.
Let's get we should unless it gets better if I get back on it.
just get a second verse gets better because a different character comes in.
Yo.
I'm rough rough rough rough rough rough rough rough rough rough rough Mm-hmm.
to the right. I fucked your mama last Tuesday night. And then I woke up on Wednesday morning.
I fucking, fuck you. Just give me a second. There's a third character comes in. What?
Dogs living in seclusion, in side houses, indoor dogs. There should be no such thing.
My name's Vincent Price. I take it I had to tell you that from your reaction.
I'm Vincent Price and I'm here to say now I'm the one that gets to rap today.
I usually do the talking part in the middle. But I'm Vincent Price. I play the fiddle.
I put sausage on the griddle. I love Malcolm in the middle. He does, I bet.
Well, I hope that was exactly when the track ended. You brought that right into the station, Dan.
That was very nice. I feel like you guys could have helped out better.
What would you want us to do? Just throw in a what? Do you want to do it again?
No, I had to throw somebody under the bus. I was a little embarrassed.
So you threw all of us under the bus?
It was a big bus. I failed pretty hard. A lot of room under there.
What are you talking about? I don't feel like I really learned a whole lot about dog rights and the dogs in the city.
Just don't keep them indoors, like Molly said.
You know what? Bring that beat back. One more time, Dan.
You want the same beat? Jonah, are you going to get up and lay it down?
Fuck no. I'll throw in some what?
You want some what? We can fail together.
Yow, yow, yow, yow, yow, yow, yow, yow, yow, yow, yow, yow, yow, yow, yow, yow, yow.
Then I took her out took her out for Arby's and fries fucked your mama and her thighs
I can't get my dick in her so I just rub it in the place outside from her
Until I come put it on her foot and then I run
The tunnel that is where all the dogs go after they fuck women and they run in the snow
Lick at the frog you gotta do it. That's the cost of being a dog
You be a dog
You gotta do it. That's the cost of being a dog. Then the frog. Be a dog. Say what? Be a dog
Paw print in the north fucked your mama so hard still look at Peter north north browns up north and north and north
And then I fucked your mama south and little folk to the north
East west and the fuck is there like I put your ears in the dick gonna blin in the dick
Giberish wrap do you know the booze you can wrap a lot faster when you don't say words
Oh
You got the rep to the teams like a donut dog
Can I cheat to go for the deep because you get up deep to get the air in the tea
In the bag of the 9-11 gonna hate them over to the Donald Trump. Well, no new taxes, but you don't dance
You gotta hate those guys a little raised leg
That's why you don't want to go down to the town with the dog and the frown of the being a dog
They said they see the dog
When you go at night get a fucking dog gonna do it all night because it's being a dog being a dog
My name is mr. Jones. I want to do my tones
My name is mr. Jones. All I do is my tones
I don't wrap mr. Jones. All I do is all my tones
Hey, man, mr. Jones get the fuck out of my rap doing your tones
I'm trying to rap for the dog's perspective and you're interrupting. I have invective
Rage about you get out here. You can't you can't you fuck you
You
No, stop it. Fuck you. Fuck you mr. Jones. Fuck it tone tone tone rap
No, I quit I then I quit I quit and then I'm going I'm getting in my car and I'm driving away
Yeah, keep keep it up
Goddamn this light takes forever. Yeah
There's new hit from mr. Jones. Oh, no, it's called the tone song. Oh, no, it's top of the church. Oh shit
Oh, I'm gonna go to my girlfriend's house. She's the only one that understands me. Hello. My name is mrs. Jones
I just married mr. Jones. What wait? I didn't even wait
Oh
Is this on the radio?
I can't I'm your girlfriend. I just married mr. Jones. Wait. I'm on the radio. No, I'm in your car
You're in my car. I'm in the trunk of your car. Jesus christ. He's on a truck. Mr. Jones. Put me in here
Open baby, are you okay? Oh my god, can't breathe. Oh my god. Oh, are you all right? I love you better now
Jesus, I am legally married to mr. Jones. Why would you do that?
Why do you like him state of california says they're illegally married now? Well
We can do something about that. I need to know if you love me though. If you don't then I don't like you
I feel like our relationship is kind of hitting a plateau
Then get out of my trunk. I didn't want to be in your trunk
Get out of it then
Get out get out
Get out
I'm closing the trunk in five seconds
I can't I'm out of your trunk. You can't get out. I'm out of your trunk. Oh, you're out leaving walking away. Well, I'm getting in it
Now I'm getting out
Wow
That was very good. That was called mr. Jones and me. Yeah
We're gonna be real big stars. It's a socio political commentary on urban dog having
Yeah, I got crazy
Well, let's check back in with uh spencer. What's what's going on in the world of politics? Oh, let me tell you guys
The iowa caucuses are upon us people are caucusing
They're out there hitting the pavements real shoe leather work by the the real working men and women of iowa
Gentlemen, what do you think the difference is between the white caucus and the black caucus?
Probably the color
Oh, wait, wait, wait caucuses vote would be voting like this
And I don't think I have to show you what the black caucus but it's like, but I think we want to see it very free and easy
I think we want to see it. Well, it's just like
Yeah
And this is done
It's just very simple and elegant. Yeah, it's nice
my wife
What
What's going on over there?
I just realized I forgot my keys
I want to make sure kate's awake when I come back home. Otherwise, I'm going to be standing outside with plastic bags
At a bathroom until your neighbors are going to come out and go she clearly doesn't want to see you right now
What is a caucus?
It's uh, you know how like we vote like for the person we want in california other places. They don't
That's that's all I got. What's what is a caucus?
I guess I could have helped a little
Isn't it like well, it's more like a representative democracy where instead of one person one vote
It's like we get a bunch of delegates and then those delegates get their delegates or something like
Trump make america great again
Yeah
It's I was so happy to see that snl sketch where trump was like the straight man and was like
Sarah pale. It's crazy. I'm gonna be the new president and snl's all ready for it. Like they're ready. They're ready for eight years of
I have bummed me out so much
snl seems like the only comedy property that actually seems legitimately excited for a trump presidency
Yeah, like most other comedies are like, yeah, it's a joke, but come on. We care about
You guys a caucus has a faction within a within a legislative body that pursues its interest through the legislative process
Um, that means nothing. That meant nothing smarty pants
Or a meeting of party leaders just elect candidates elect
Trump pale in 2016
It really makes no difference
Holy shit
I'm
Rob, who do you who do you like in the uh for the uh for the g.o.p. nomination? Oh, don't do this
Who do you like rob?
Who don't do who you're feeling right now? Who do you feel who's got the smart money right now? Man? I don't know
senator pajamas
Yes, anybody that's got pajamas
Are you part of the pajama caucus? I am
That is a caucus, huh? What is a caucus? It's a bunch of people getting together to decide
A party strategy and select their leaders and kind of like who supports so it's a pretty well
It's a who
Multi hours like hours
Yeah, we got a word for it, man
They have a quicker way of saying yeah
It was like an hour, but like a lot of them hours. Yes
It's a multi-day situation a week a week
Hey, could somebody hand me that bag of multiple potato chips
Yeah, it's like a it's like a it's like a it's like a quorum
It's like a it's like a meeting about to make a decision that ultimately is done
By a show of hands or accounting votes, but also there's a bunch of conversation. It's not like a like a popular
It's like a caucus. It's like a clusterfuck. Yes
Oh, what do we give us about Iowa like it's like what why did that? Why does Iowa have to be so important to the rest of the
I don't know Joe. Why does Iowa?
They decided to go first you could just decide to go first really yeah
Except and that's like I think nevato is like we want to go first and then they like now they're third or some shit
I don't know but like yes states are just they did a really bad job of deciding to go first
If they're well, it's not bad at first. So who said we'll go third. Did they go first who?
I mean if they why don't they take a rocket down. Yeah senator pajamas. You do not have the floor
Hey, I got some stuff to say to the people want to hear your sleepy time bill will never pass. Oh
Shit guys what man? I tell you what is it? It's gonna be it's gonna be a crazy week
I'll tell you I got a lot of stuff that's gotta get done. Oh shit
Wow
Are you finding out I've got I've got like are you about to wax rhapsodic right now? Are you?
No, no, no, I've got my couch situation is crazy in my living room
Tell us about this couch situation. Oh my gosh one's long one short. It's not working
It's got a table that doesn't match the drapes
If you know what I mean, are you finding it speaking of which Molly? Can I ask you a question?
That reminds me this has been something I've ever said came on stage Rob Rob
I got one thing in my mind
I'm glad that you're thinking about that. Yes
so
I
That was not intentional
Just I just I just did dim conway right there
Uh
Rob are you finding it harder to uh be creative as you get older? Uh, I think we've proven just now
Yeah, yeah, definitely. It's harder to definitely be I I don't know if it's just because it's a depleting thing
Or maybe because you've already done stuff. So then you're like, you know, this should like shouldn't be that easy
I don't know
Well, it's like I think you you you're you're not only competing with everybody else around you
But you're competing with the last thing you did. So, you know, if if you know, you did something that was like
Well, that's the best thing I've ever did
Yeah, you know, you're gonna have to outdo the best thing you ever did in order to feel that same feeling
I feel like I feel I feel like it's always just like like I just want the shit to make sense
And it's just like so hard. It never makes sense. Like isn't that why uh, Schrabbing works
It is like
Meaning what wait, wait, I didn't like it doesn't make any sense
Oh, yeah, because well, yeah, it's a release from yeah
Schrab definitely represents for a lot of us the the liberation from making fucking sense. Yes
For sure. Yes, it you can't
Lou I can't the new kind of comedy. Yes
The new kind of comedy
I'm the face of the new kind of comedy. What's the new kind of comedy the new kind of comedy
What comedy where where you're where I just say things
That's my bit. I should I should have I should have been a who's bid is that I should have I should have
I should have said like I'm a director and so I said I'm a writer. It's fucking hard
It's hard being a director. Yeah, come on. If you're a director
Why don't you you could do that put the camera in there and then put it there
And you don't even have to use if that's wrong. You put it put it everywhere. Dan put the camera everywhere. You just directed. Yeah
Put it everywhere
And then say do this I've been saying that I've been saying that for years. Dan you should be directing
Directors get to like rewrite scripts too. So it's like the easiest part of writing, right? Yeah
And everybody thinks that they make the movie. Yeah
It's so insane and I just like they couldn't be a dumber species
The directors. Yeah, they're just like yep. Yep. That's definitely true
Even dumber than actors get me out of here uber
Yes, you know what yes, yes
Because actors are smart enough no matter how dumb they are that they're like
I you know what I should stay under these lights and like like like like work hard to like pretend to be someone else
And a director could just be like
action
Do it different
Can we get it did I forget to say cut that's what the second 80s for
Action again do it different
Let's do a series do a different five times action action action action action action action action action action I'm going home
Holy shit. Can you please direct something soon?
I want to see if you actually did that if you actually
It's a Dan Harmon's first feature film and then you get there and you literally just go action. No, no, no, no
And then all of it all it is is just like an experiment to see what the actors do when you just make fart noises at them
it's gonna
To be like a crisp and Glover movie
No, it'd be really good. You should be directing you you should have been directing a long time ago
But you you don't want to I've got a perfect writing first like why would you direct until you knew how to write?
Like it doesn't make any sense like I was like it's a fucking it's hard to write already and then either was like
Oh, I should I should add directing to this. So we'll finish writing this and then I'll fucking blow
Sorry, uh, keep you guys keep writing it. I'm gonna go shoot what we do
It's already bad because I can't finish making it good. So are there no are there no directors that you like?
You know, I really like Justin Lin
He's he's he's he's pretty good
He's good. He's a good friend of yours
So mean
Right, he's really mean, right? It's a mean guy. Dan. Dan. Were you happy with the episodes of community that rob directed?
Oh, they're there. They're great. Yeah, I kept yahoo alive, right?
Really really really put them on the map right yahoo screen really set the world
It's about time they got us back together. You actually took yahoo off of yahoo man. Yeah, I think we
Yeah
Yeah, we did we we finally did it buddy
We finally did it. We got back together
We suck a 40 billion dollar corporation
Your little sick come kill the multinational corporation
It's like they went yeah, oh
Oh
Shit
How much do paintballs cost? Oh my god
Oh my god
Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my terry sit down. No. Oh my god
Oh my god. Oh my god terry. It's gonna be okay. No, it's not. Oh my god. Oh my god
What am I gonna tell my wife? Oh my god. What am I gonna tell my kids? We're so fucked
We could run right now
Really we could no we're fucked. They fucked us. They fucked us
They said they had they I went to the art show. It looked like the place was packed
The place was wall to wall in meltdown. Yeah in Los Angeles. Yeah, I thought I thought there was like that everywhere
Oh, shit. Oh, fuck
Oh, shit. Oh, fuck man
God damn and we spent so much fucking money
So much fucking money and that show that god canceled from NBC. Oh my god
Jesus christ
Shit
Well at least donnell glove it. No, he wasn't no
No, oh shit. What were we thinking? Oh shit
Oh god
Oh
Fuck me
Just fuck me. Somebody just fuck me to death. I want to die
Oh my god
Maybe I read the numbers wrong
Oh
It's worse. It's worse than I thought it was. Oh my god
Oh my god, oh my god
Oh my god
Mr. Yahoo
Now's not a good time. What do you need one second one second one second, please
I'm just I'm just I'm just here to tell him about the board meeting. That's
Uh, mr. Yahoo. There is a board meeting that is uh happening actually in the room. You're standing in right now
Yeah, okay. Okay. Okay. Someone just wanted to remind you of that. Okay. Uh, my name is andrew
His name is Andrew
Uh
Andrew you have the uh floor he's please speak. I
There's a board board meetings
Look I we're also live via satellite to all the shareholders
Am I in trouble I
I can show the board members in if that's okay and also, uh, john scully is here and uh, and was
And uh, your daughter lisa, okay
That's um
I'm sorry your your daughter yahoo
I fucked that joke
Your daughter yahoo is here. Yeah, she thinks that you named yahoo after her. Yeah
Yeah
You're gonna have to tell her that you didn't
In a situation that never happened
All right, let's do this then
Well, I'm CEO
Head of the stockholders and chief board member. My name is johnson
I'm cfo co-head of the shareholders and I'm sam son
All right, I'd like to know why I'm yahoo
I'm only seven
Yahoo has been around for much longer than that. I'd like to know why we
Spent 30 billion dollars this year on tv shows
That no one wanted to watch
I don't think all of the science is back in gravel gavel gavel gavel gavel gavel gavel gavel gavel gavel. Rumble rumble rumble
What's other space, and who is Paul Fagg?
Well, he's a very, very talented director, and we are lucky to be in business with him.
It says here you're doing a basketball show with someone named Tom and Arnold.
At the same time, pick a lane.
This is Johnson talking.
Not Samson, mind you.
Gaville.
The new form of comedy explains itself.
Roll the film.
In the 1938 series of new form of comedy, look at those boys go.
Cary Grant's got a new form of comedy.
I'm just going to leave.
Lisa Yahoo, you could find your own way home, right?
I'm only seven.
That's okay.
Here's $50.
Oh, my bridge.
Hello.
Look at those gabs.
I'm going to start my own network.
Take that.
Good luck with that.
It's super easy.
It's so easy.
Good luck.
It's super easy.
And that's how Ciso was born.
We'll probably cut that out from the ashes of Yahoo.
Ciso.
Don't yaw.
See.
Who?
So.
That's who.
Yes.
Ciso.
Slee Stack.
You guys on Slee Stack, $3.99 a month.
All the land of the lost you can get.
Wait.
Plus Garth Merengue's Dark Place.
Faulty Tower.
A new stand-up special by Aziz.
Are you saying I can get all the Slee Stacks I want for $3.99 a month?
Yeah.
Plus Aziz in Aziz Stack.
Imagine the Pasa Azizates.
What's going on with Slee Stacks?
Did you hear that Aziz just launched Azizo?
Yes.
You Aziz it, so you zone.
I zone that.
All right.
Everybody calm down.
Hey, Dan, we tried our best.
We're all going to die.
There's no way to monetize the Internet.
That was the singularity.
The Internet was the singularity.
It wasn't about intelligence.
It was about economy.
It was like the singularity is everything is free.
And we're like, wait, how do I work?
And the Internet's like, you don't.
No.
That's the thing.
Most comedians haven't been making comedy the past five years.
They've been making content.
Yeah, the comics listening back home will really dig that one.
Hey, Jonah, I really loved your last content special.
Thank you so much.
You know, being a stand-up contentian.
All right, AIDS.
What good are they?
It's bad, so go to omaze.com.
Marty, I think if it's still like so.
Maybe not mumble this part.
Well, I can't remember the web address.
I think it's omaze.com slash Rick and Morty.
Just type in Dan Harmon and AIDS.
To scroll down past all the Chevy Chase voicemails.
And you'll come to a thing.
$10 every time you $10 gets you a chance at fucking, there's a thing.
And you could be a voice on Rick and Morty.
And you'll cure AIDS.
That should be enough.
You selfish fucking AIDS lovers.
What's in it for me?
You can be in a cartoon.
It's like fucking AIDS will be running down the street.
Unfettered.
Are you going to make the winner appear as an anthropomorphic AIDS virus?
They were AIDS.
The bitter irony.
That would be a great bad guy, right?
It's supposed to be a villain, right?
I'm AIDS.
Can I get you?
So we're probably not going to role play.
You know, we do what we want here at Harmontown.
You do you.
Oh, that's what we always say is you do you at Harmontown.
I'm so glad that we're not in Florida anymore.
Jesus Christ.
Wait, I missed that.
I was doing another thing.
There was a guy that came up.
I was here.
A guy punched a guy on stage.
And that was probably the best thing that happened.
I beg your pardon.
Yeah, it was it was Florida, man.
Don't go there.
Did we find out that was a stunt or an actual thing?
Oh, it was a stunt.
Yeah.
I mean, some people's friendships are stunts.
Yep.
I say to the millions of people.
Well, there weren't millions of people at that convention,
but these are the sweetest.
Millions.
Most wonderful people in the world and all of them were really nice
and all of them are constantly apologizing for being from Florida,
which is not.
That's insane.
They're from Wisconsin.
I was like, like, like, like that's not, it doesn't define you.
Like, like, like the Armenians in Miami are identical to the,
to the Angelino ones except for the two guys.
Are you pretty proud of your home?
Are you pretty proud of your home state after making a murder?
Yes.
Yeah.
An hour's drive from my house.
It's crazy that there's a whole documentary and then you find out
like he really did it.
It's like death of a salesman,
but it wasn't in the title.
I was like, but it was because it's making a murderer.
Yeah.
And you're like, oh, he's a murderer.
Yeah, yeah.
The guy murdered that girl.
Crazy.
It's so nuts.
And then it was like, he didn't do it.
And then you watched the whole thing.
You're like, he fucking did it.
See, I thought so too, but Rob disagrees.
Rob thinks he didn't do it.
He thinks a brother did it.
I think one of his brothers.
But why isn't that in the documentary?
That's racist.
It wasn't about that.
Well, first of all, well, there's a part of it.
I didn't make the documentary as the documentarians,
but I think one of his brothers.
Documentarians?
So you're defending a guy who burnt a cat to death?
No, I'm not defending him.
Because if anyone burns a cat to death,
put him in jail for murder.
I don't care.
Yeah, exactly.
But a guy who wears Ugg boots wouldn't understand that.
Sit down, Jonah.
Sit down.
Sorry.
Ugg boots make me so angry on lots of levels.
People aren't ready for your content right now.
You're right.
Your content is too real.
I just can't.
I'm glad that I feel like they front loaded that cat burning thing.
So because I was watching the whole thing with my girlfriend
and like I kept like, like every roller coaster dip
where you were like, your heart would sink.
And I would just grab each other's hands and go,
he burnt a cat.
He burnt a cat.
Doesn't matter.
Now they downplay it.
He did like, he doused it with like, I don't know, gas.
I just threw it on the fire.
No, no, no.
He did more than that.
He poured kerosene on top of the cat.
He threw it in the fire.
He did say that in the documentary.
They sure the fuck did it.
It's a trick.
Yeah.
If you research it, you find out he did much more of that.
And I mean, it sucks.
He should have definitely, he definitely needed to go to jail for that.
Yeah.
I mean, people that kill things should be in jail.
Probably cause they'll kill things.
But especially cats though, because cats mind their own fucking business.
Even, even the shittiest cats in the world mind their own business.
Yeah.
Like there's no such thing as a cat that like comes in your window and it's like, hey,
I'm a cat.
I'm going to fuck with you.
Like they, they might meow and say, feed me or pay attention to me, but no cat has ever
like made you, made their problem.
The only reason cats ever whine or meow or paw at you is because you have them trapped
inside your house.
Like everyone that's irritated by a cat is only because they're inside and you won't
let them out.
I don't think that's true.
I have a story about a cat.
Oh shit.
That's fine.
Cause Molly brought the dog things.
Are you an indoor cat person?
Cause cats shouldn't be let out because then they spread FIV and they get all fucked up
and eaten by coyotes.
I know your cat has that, but doesn't she?
Yeah.
Well, that's gross.
Go to omaze.com.
Go to omaze.com to have a voice.
That's right.
Oh, that's all right.
Well, I mean,
He's shamed my cat.
That's crazy.
Episode title.
What do you expect from a manic panic pixie dream girl?
But, but, but what's your position on cats?
Well, one time, well, I just have a story about a cat one time where I was sleeping in
a basement in the house that I was renting and the door, the window was open.
But it opened up into the ground floor and so I was sleeping and I heard this noise in
my room and I thought it was a robber or a raccoon, which are both equally awful to
end up in your room in the dark.
Like it's really scary.
You don't have to mime.
All she knows is that it had a black mask over its eyes.
Yeah, but it was a black cat.
So I was pretty pissed.
So what's the crux of that story is that cats are bad?
No, I'm just saying that it doesn't always mean that cats do one thing.
They're not always indoor versus outdoor cats.
Sometimes they're indoor.
Sometimes they're outdoor and they come indoor unexpectedly and they scare the shit out of you.
True.
That's very true.
We should keep that in mind.
Newsflash.
Here's the thing.
Please be open-minded about it.
Newsflash.
Ladies and gentlemen, newsflash.
Sometimes.
It's the same with the fervor of the transgender movement.
We need to fucking stop.
Why are you putting fucking indoor and outdoor on me?
I'm a fucking door cat.
If there's a door, I go in and I go out and I'm fucking sick of this shit.
Center pajamas has the floor.
Gavel, gavel, gavel, gavel.
Are you an indoor cat?
I don't know.
I'm fucking, how about an Instagram of me crying because you asked.
How about you fucking hurt me by asking and meow the fucker.
Meow the fucker.
That tried too hard.
I feel bad for dogs that are pent up, but then the opposite applies.
People tend to, culturally, we consider cats these things that you open the door and let
them out into the world.
But then we also talk about how that's inhumane because the cats go out and they shouldn't
that the cats should be indoors.
Something to think about.
Here's the thing.
People get their faces scratched by cats.
Kids are bitten by cats.
And then everyone's like, that's just a cat.
When a dog barks at a kid from across the street, everyone's like, put it down.
Yeah, they kill it.
Kill the dog.
It's ridiculous.
People are too nice to cats.
Oh, come on.
I agree.
Wait a minute.
That's why the guy felt comfortable burning the cat alive, this anti-cat stigma.
That's why I think he didn't kill the girl.
If a cat scratches somebody, it's because if somebody got in a cat's face, if a dog bites
somebody, well, first of all, a dog can snap a two by four in half with its jaws descended
from wolves.
Cats are fucking descended from Egyptian cats.
No.
They can't do shit but sit in your lap.
Egyptian cats, Egyptians put a lot of people into slavery.
That's way worse than biting a two by four.
The cat, the cat's not, doesn't own the Egyptian sin.
They fucking made statues of them.
They praised them.
The cats didn't make the statues.
How do you know we weren't around?
Interesting.
Tune in to Jonah Ray's...
These questions answered in more on Hidden America.
Jonah Ray's running for Ben Carson's vice president.
All right.
How do we close the show?
In song, fucker.
No.
We've tried that.
Yeah, the last one did real good.
That was great.
It was a real good one.
Thanks, guys.
I mean like a song, we are the world kind of celebrity kind of thing.
You all pick a celebrity character that you want to be in.
We do like an awareness raising, fundraising kind of thing.
Hands across America.
That's fun.
Farm-aid kind of shit.
Are you literally lifting something from whose line?
Is it anyway?
Yes.
Okay.
Oh.
No.
I've been moved by the spirit right now of what's going on.
But that does sound like a whose line game.
Is that a whose line game?
No, it's not.
Your voice is real high.
Last night, on taping a whose line, me and Wayne Brady and Joey Fatone from NSYNC
sing a boy band song to a dude.
It was pretty good.
But is there a whose...
There's not a whose line game where it's like USA for Africa.
No, there's not.
And there's different celebrities and then Wayne Brady does the clumps.
No.
Okay.
Now that's funny.
That's some content I want to see.
You know, you'd be pleased to know I just signed him for eight mobasodes.
Can I get it on my razor phone?
Wait for that.
No, okay.
In Seattle and Argentina.
Yes.
Just one specific state?
Very specifically shaped geofence.
Yeah.
It's shaped like a fucking dragon's tail.
Is there a part of the Pacific Ocean that I can get to that maybe I can catch it?
Everyone, if you're in Canada and you exist in a swath of land that AT&T is about to invade,
you can watch three episodes of Money Python.
Yeah.
It's the biggest hit in midway.
Boy, that geofencing.
That's good.
Boy.
Yeah, geofencing, man.
All right.
Shit.
Well, do we have a track that we could do?
I got to change my bags.
What did you do to your bag?
We're ending the show.
We're trying to end the show.
You can go ahead and end the show.
I'm going to go change it.
You're part of the ending, you fucking asshole.
No, no, no.
I got to change my bags.
I'm not doing it.
Okay.
And what's the cause?
Outdoor dogs, indoor cats.
So we're benefiting both of them?
I don't know.
Let's just pick something we're benefiting.
All right.
What?
Butts on butts.
Butts, fucking butts?
Self fucking butts?
Bag flip?
Bag feet.
Okay, bag feet.
There's people out there with bags on their feet.
Yeah.
Let's benefit them.
Because they complain and we feel terrible for them.
Yeah.
Right.
Oh, yeah.
Gaville, gaville.
Hope you're all enjoying your eucalyptus soup.
And your Lexus.
Yeah.
Yo.
Peep this.
Put that in your eucalyptus soup for one minute while Dan breaks it down.
Right now, there's people out there.
You know what I'm saying?
They don't have eucalyptus soup.
Yeah.
They're too busy focusing on what's on their feet to the street.
Yo.
Oh, wait, but it's not a rap, though.
It's a song, isn't it?
There's a time for everyone to get together.
Every bird has some fun, but also has another bird with a feather.
And when you look down at the thing that should cover your feet,
you don't want to see bags.
But some people see bags.
Bags on the feet, because we are the people.
Hello, I'm Mr. Jones.
Dibble, dibble, dibble, dibble.
Dibble, dibble, dibble.
Get the fuck out of here.
We belong to each other.
Every sister, every uncle and brother.
Brother.
That rhyme was predictable.
But this next one is delectable.
Yeah, that's impressive.
Fuck your mama so hard.
I wrote a missing picture.
Like an old, timey letter writer.
Fuck your mama so hard that her pussy got tighter.
Thank you for coming to Harmontown, everybody.
What?
Rob Schwab.
Molly, the age cat shamer.
Spencer Crittenden.
Jonah Ray.
I'm Jeff Davis.
You're mayor once again, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Dibble, dibble, dibble, dibble.
Get out of here.
You're not a real artist.
You just make tones.
You don't control Mr. Jones.
Mr. Jones makes his own tones.
I also invented cell phones.
And ring tones.
Drive fast, take chances.
Thank you so much.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.